# Making a Route

You already saw an example of route in Starting.md, I'll now go more into depth for them!


```py
@app.route('/image/show', methods=['GET'])
def dev_show():
    return send_file('example_image.png')
```

In this snippet, first we have /image/show, this is just the actual url you have to put in

If our base url was `https://carl.gg` Then the route `https://carl.gg/image/show` would send example_image.png

The next parameter is methods, for our purposes we will only be using `GET`, you can learn more about different types of requests online if you wish.

finally we define a function which won't matter at all, finally anything inside the function will be ran once this was made!

## Parameters in your request

Of course the above isn't nearly enough, you might also want to take in a parameter in the url.

Lets say we want the url to show a picture of carl and a number in which is in the url

`https://carl.gg/picofcarlplusnumber/number_here`

```py
@app.route('/picofcarlplusnumber/<int:number>', methods=['GET'])
def _add(number):
    create_picture(number)
    return send_file('carl_with_number.png')
```

This would be basically what we would want, note the only thing thats really changed here from the first example given on this page is the request url and the functions parameters.

To specify a parameter that will appear in your url all you need is <var_name> however we have a converter that automatically converts it into a int for us.

Next make sure you add in the name of your variable in the functions parameters in order and everything should work fine.

Then all we do is have some sort of function that creates the image and then we return it.

## In the function you can also then save data